got it going yeah I got it goin okay hi
YouTube uh yeah there's been a few
people telling me that I sound like
videogamedunkey I honestly just heard of
his channel he thinks that will poor
people think that I sound like
videogamedunkey the second we heard you
yeah okay in a big daddy told me to do a
bunch of voices that videogamedunkey
does normally I guess in this video's
doesn't sound normally but whatever
anyways okay so um yeah just here's one
to say dingus dingus all right um okay
uh just go wow wow all right all right
just go not even close baby ah that's
the one I don't want to say but hold on
without oncol Jesse alright alright um
yeah that that's really about it for
most of his voices I mean he can free
ball it since that's just how you sound
so I still think he's videogamedunkey I
think he just alias and he's just like
kiss he's hidden he's hiding I'm telling
you I'm not a videogamedunkey I honestly
barely just heard of his channel shut up
videogamedunkey okay um anyway so if you
guys do think he sounds like it post
comment and uh yeah that should lead
commie yes yeah why are you out